Update and extend calc functions doc - general group (#31)
Volue-Public/energy-smp-docs: docs/mesh/calculations/functions/ts.md

﻿## TS

### About the function

Creates a time series for further use in expressions.

> This function serve as a way to declare and initialize a time series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function serves as a way to declare and initialise a time series.
```

` TS1 = @TS('VARINT')`

Time series TS1 is defined as a break point series and is set empty (NaN) as
default. There will be a NaN value at start of requested time period.

@TS(s,d)

`TS2 = @TS('VARINT',1)`

Time series TS2 is defined as break point series and get 1 as value at start of requested time period.

Series with other resolutions:

`TS3 = @TS('HOUR')`

Time series TS3 gives an empty time series (NaN) with hourly resolution and values for requested time period.

`TS4 = @TS('HOUR',0)`

Time series TS4 gives a time series with 0 in all of the hours for requested time period.

Default curve type is `STEP`. To make the result series linear you add a second argument with value `'LINEAR'` like this:

`TS5 = @TS('DAY','LINEAR')`

> **Note!** The curve type argument are case sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note!** The curve type argument is case sensitive.
```
